Hi there I'm going to explain
how to run FitBenchmarking.
Firstly, you need to install Python
version 3.7.1 or higher.
This could be downloaded
from the Python website.
Python is used for installing
and running FitBenchmarking.
Step 2. Installing FitBenchmarking.
FitBenchmarking can be
installed via the command line by
entering the following command.
Step 3. Running FitBenchmarking.
Enter the command FitBenchmarking.
This will run the NIST average difficulty
problem set on SciPy minimizers
It is likely that you will wish
to run alternative problems.
To do this, use the -p argument.
FitBenchmarking will automatically
run with the default options.
However, it is also possible to
change the options via a .ini
file or via the command line.
However, this is only
available for certain options.
To change the options via .ini file,
use the -o argument.
You must ensure that your
options file is of the format
as displayed on the right,
otherwise this will not work.
To change the options via the command line,
for example to change the results directory.
Use the -r argument as shown below.
For an option for which you wish to make
several choices, for example table type,
simply use a space to separate your choices.
So here we have accuracy and
runtime separated by space.
If you wish to change
several different options,
use the space to separate the arguments.
So here we have table type and
logging level separated by space.
And here we have a handy table
which outlines the options which
can be changed via the command line,
the argument and some help.
This is available on the FitBenchmarking.
read the docs website.